welcome to slash forward
in this episode we're gonna try to take
a fun ride down a very long and boring
road with the 2019 film the dead don't
die
if you're an optimist you should
subscribe to the channel to make things
all better
let's get to it we open on chief cliff
and officer ronnie venturing into the
wilderness around their small town
looking for hermit bob
the local crazy who's suspected of
stealing farmer miller's chickens
he refuses to answer their questions
punctuating this with a warning shot
since he and cliff go way back they
encourage him to keep calm and try to
avoid shooting officers of the law as
they retreat to their cruiser
we find they aren't perturbed by much
other than daylight savings time and the
impact it has on their circadian rhythms
as they drive through town we see some
locations and meet some people and hear
via radio transmission that some unusual
worldwide phenomena may be occurring
due to a slight shift in the tilt of the
earth related to excessive polar
fracking
aside from weather and technology issues
it's also riling up the animals
causing frank's cows to return to their
woodland home but the officers remain
casual for now
as is their way they even have the town
drunk recently deceased
decomposing in a cell while they await
the county coroner cliff takes the night
shift and they all depart as they
prepare for a sleepy evening
while at the diner fern and lily gossip
about zelda the very strange new funeral
home manager but their stories all make
sense when we see that it's
a samurai tilda swinton the evening also
brings us our first reanimated corpses
revealed in a classic fashion this of
course creates a confusing situation at
the diner as these last minute guests
ask fran very intimately about the
specials and then abscond with the
coffee
cliff arrives the next morning to hank's
reports of missing coffee
leaving him unprepared for the bloodbath
inside ronnie and mindy arrive
in turn and take a peek at the women's
insides surmising this to be the work of
one or more wild and now caffeinated
animals
but ronnie also adds the very real
possibility of zombie attack
then several utes come rolling in just
bored and boring enough
to fit right in in this town they head
first to the motel to stay for the day
as they apparently only travel at night
zoe interacts briefly
with the officers and is warned to stay
inside after sundown
as they continue the investigation they
find strange evidence of an undead
presence
so they decide to accept the standard
tropes and proceed to warn any townsfolk
they happen upon the effort is well
spent as bobby tries to impart his
popular wisdom about the zombie threat
to hank
this proves fortuitous as that evening
the disturbances continue but big time
and the gang first moves in on the motel
taking an early supper
meanwhile at the station mallory wakes
up providing the officers the
opportunity to test the efficacy of the
standard defensive methods
and they discover that movies are real
as the town becomes overrun with the
undead
zelda arrives at the station to lodge a
complaint from what they see they're
confident in her ability to protect
herself so they agree to let her watch
the station while they do a quick
patrol of the town before all meeting up
at the cemetery the community seems to
be doing fine until they swing through
the motel where the visitors failed to
heed their warning
rodney takes a moment to ensure they
don't create any future problems
meanwhile at the station zelda
demonstrates some leaked hacking skills
for reasons unknown on our way through
town we see the hardware stores well
fortified at the front but neglected in
the rear
the end result being insufficient
defenses to ensure survival in the
zombie apocalypse
at the cemetery cliff gets the cruiser
jammed up to the axle in viscera so they
stay put
until mindy's nana checks in to see if
she remembered to pack a lunch
mindy's overcome by the sheer absurdity
of this new world and ventures out to
end the nightmare
eventually the zombies become distracted
by zelda's arrival but more so by the
concurrent arrival of a flying saucer
hopes for salvation are dashed however
when we see like so many other aspects
of her personality this is mostly
performative
as she makes a big show of only beaming
up herself kind of a jerk move
we then learn that it's been decided
that the events set to transpire will
not end well
regardless they have no choice but to
make a go of it and give it their best
shot so they venture out cliff with his
shotgun and ronnie with his machete and
they cut down as many former citizens
and friends as they can
easily mowing them down in a manner that
would make it appear they're capable of
continuing on in this way forever
if only they had unlimited ammo and
weren't eventually surrounded on all
sides
as the final events are narrated by bob
the observer we discover it does indeed
end not goodly
just a quick reminder that i've created
a website that allows you to make
donations to support the channel
any donation earns you a link to an
uncensored 10 minute video featuring
toby hooper's lifeboards your support is
greatly appreciated i think i see what
jarmish was going for here and i
appreciate dry humor
but no matter how cynical metaphorical
or critical you want to be in your art
you shouldn't forget to also be
entertaining
in some way please if you enjoyed the
video i'd love for you to become a part
of the channel by subscribing thanks for
watching